TODO.md, before:

TODO

[] - Submit shouldn't trigger form's `onChange`
[] - Input's changes shouldn't re-trigger `onChange` when using `react`
[] - Handle errors
[x] - Submit should keep working no matter the HTML element (`button`, `input`, etc)
[] - Form should have updated values after submitting no matter the number of form controls it has
[x] - Form shouldn't have values of its buttons
[x] - Submit should be part of the `click` event when the button is `type="submit"` and it is inside a `form`
[] - `type()` should work for every browser event (`keypress`, `keydown`, `keyup`, `input`, `change`, etc)
[] - `type()` should work in `textarea` HTML elements too
[] - `type()` shouldn't work in `select `
[] - `type()` shouldn't work in `input type="checkbox" `
[] - `type()` shouldn't work in `input type="radiobutton" `
[] - `type()` shouldn't work in `input disabled `
[x] - Improve public API semantic
[] - Cover most commonly used events
[] - Add build script
[] - Add CI/CD
[] - Add a `README`
[] - Add examples and docs
[] - Generate typings

Commit message:

[Changed] update the form values when it has more than one form control

TODO.md, after:

TODO

[] - Submit shouldn't trigger form's `onChange`
[] - Input's changes shouldn't re-trigger `onChange` when using `react`
[] - Handle errors
[x] - Submit should keep working no matter the HTML element (`button`, `input`, etc)
[] - Form should have updated values after submitting no matter the number of form controls it has
[] - Form values should be updated by the form controls id if the name is not present
[x] - Form shouldn't have values of its buttons
[x] - Submit should be part of the `click` event when the button is `type="submit"` and it is inside a `form`
[] - `type()` should work for every browser event (`keypress`, `keydown`, `keyup`, `input`, `change`, etc)
[] - `type()` should work in `textarea` HTML elements too
[] - `type()` shouldn't work in `select `
[] - `type()` shouldn't work in `input type="checkbox" `
[] - `type()` shouldn't work in `input type="radiobutton" `
[] - `type()` shouldn't work in `input disabled `
[x] - Improve public API semantic
[] - Cover most commonly used events
[] - Add build script
[] - Add CI/CD
[] - Add a `README`
[] - Add examples and docs
[] - Generate typings
